
# Contribute to an important restoration and education effort in NYC!
The [Billion Oyster Project](https://billionoysterproject.org/) is an ecosystem restoration and education project designed to restore oyster reefs to New York Harbor through public education initiatives.  But if we're going to restore one billion oysters to New York Harbor, we need lots of New Yorkers' help with all the work that goes into restoration, including software development!  Environmental restoration includes activities like data analysis and scientific communication, and the [BOP Digital Platform](https://platform.bop.nyc/) is a key tool for these aspects of our work.  

One thing that sets Billion Oyster Project apart from other environmental organizations is that we are equal parts restoration AND education.  So we believe that open source software projects are the perfect opportunity for people of a wide range of ages and ability levels to use their technical skills for good while learning new skills and building community.  Whether you're a developer, DBA, UX designer, QA tester, or just a passionate user, we'd love for you to join us as a contributor! 

After a little over a year of development, classroom testing, surveys, and feedback sessions, we are very close to releasing a completely new version of the BOP Digital Platform in beta!  Once we do, we would love to accept outside contributions.  If you are interested in contributing to the project, you can [sign up for an account on the current BOP Digital Platform](https://platform.bop.nyc/authentication/signup) to get updates, or reach out to Heather Flanagan, BOP's Digital Learning Specialist (the product manager, UX designer, and frontend developer for the project) at: bop.digital.platform@nyharbor.org  
